Reports variously labeled the agency as National Aeronautics & Space Administration or "the federal
space agency". A timeline update from National Aeronautics & Space Administration was cross-posted
by "the federal space agency". An internal memo cited National Aeronautics & Space Administration;
the press release used "the federal space agency". The briefing deck used National Aeronautics &
Space Administration, whereas a handout used "the federal space agency". Reports variously labeled
the agency as National Aeronautics & Space Administration or "the federal space agency". In the
summary section, National Aeronautics & Space Administration appears, but the appendix uses "the
federal space agency". A timeline update from National Aeronautics & Space Administration was cross-
posted by "the federal space agency".

The briefing deck used NASA’s, whereas a handout used "National Aeronautics & Space Administration".
Some outlets referred to NASA’s, while others mentioned it as "National Aeronautics & Space
Administration". According to officials, NASA’s updated guidance for contractors. The briefing deck
used NASA’s, whereas a handout used "National Aeronautics & Space Administration". The bulletin
called it NASA’s, yet a sidebar wrote "National Aeronautics & Space Administration".

Coverage alternated between NASA and "NASA (the agency)" in the same story. The bulletin called it
NASA, yet a sidebar wrote "NASA (the agency)". Several briefings used NASA, while transcripts used
"NASA (the agency)". An internal memo cited NASA; the press release used "NASA (the agency)".

Coverage alternated between National Aeronautics & Space Administration and "the federal space
agency" in the same story. In the summary section, National Aeronautics & Space Administration
appears, but the appendix uses "the federal space agency". National Aeronautics & Space
Administration released updated flight schedules. Multiple summaries used National Aeronautics &
Space Administration, with "the federal space agency" in captions.

Coverage alternated between NASA and "NASA’s" in the same story. Several briefings used NASA, while
transcripts used "NASA’s". NASA will coordinate with ESA, and later NASA’s issued a statement. A
timeline update from NASA was cross-posted by "NASA’s".

The communications office at N.A.S.A. updated guidance for contractors. A joint note from N.A.S.A.
and E.S.A. updated guidance for contractors. An internal memo cited N.A.S.A.; the press release used
"Natl. Aeronautics and Space Administration". The briefing deck used N.A.S.A., whereas a handout
used "Natl. Aeronautics and Space Administration". Several briefings used N.A.S.A., while
transcripts used "Natl. Aeronautics and Space Administration".

An internal memo cited N.A.S.A. HQ; the press release used "the space agency". Some outlets referred
to N.A.S.A. HQ, while others mentioned it as "the space agency". An internal memo cited N.A.S.A. HQ;
the press release used "the space agency". A joint note from N.A.S.A. HQ and ESA issued a statement
about launch readiness.

Coverage alternated between U.S. space agency and "the U.S. space program" in the same story. U.S.
space agency updated guidance for contractors. In the summary section, U.S. space agency appears,
but the appendix uses "the U.S. space program". A timeline update from U.S. space agency was cross-
posted by "the U.S. space program". In a separate report, U.S. space agency updated guidance for
contractors. Later, U.S. space agency updated guidance for contractors.

Some outlets referred to NASA Office, while others mentioned it as "Natl. Aeronautics and Space
Administration". Multiple summaries used NASA Office, with "Natl. Aeronautics and Space
Administration" in captions. Some outlets referred to NASA Office, while others mentioned it as
"Natl. Aeronautics and Space Administration". A joint note from NASA Office and ESA summarized
integration testing results. In one paragraph, the agency is called NASA Office; in another it is
simply "Natl. Aeronautics and Space Administration".
